well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so I've had a couple denials
coming out of the white house last
couple of days and the debate is whether
or not the denials are true let's do
this a different way let's just assume
they are let's assume against all
previous history that the President of
the United States is telling the truth
that what he is saying what's coming out
of his administration is accurate okay
so we're gonna make that assumption and
then we're gonna try to figure out
what's next what's left after the denial
what what the options are okay so we'll
start with the tweet from this morning
if you don't know he retweeted a scene
from here in Florida in which a bunch of
people were riding in golf carts and
they were being protested bunch of his
supporters were riding around in golf
courts and people from the area were
saying things to them at which point one
of his supporters screams out a term
that is 100% associated with with
nationalist movements with with white
movements that caused an issue and he
said that he didn't hear it okay so
we're gonna set aside the fact that it's
at the beginning of the video it is one
of the most prominent things in the
video and that people in the crowd were
like did you hear that it would have
been almost impossible for this to be
true what he's saying is almost
impossible to be true but let's just
pretend that it is okay so why'd he
tweeted that what in the rest of that
video did he think cast him in a
positive light what was the purpose of
showing that in a in an area that is
very red there
supportive of him his supporters are
being asked where their hoods are it
doesn't make a whole lot of sense most
politicians know better - then to draw
attention to the criticisms of them it
doesn't it doesn't make sense there is
no other reason to tweet that it's an
embarrassment to him the fact that in
the villages he's getting protested like
that that's an embarrassment it
shouldn't be happening that's not
something that should happen to a
Republican president so if we take his
assumption is true what does it mean
what's the alternate reason for him
tweeting it there's not one the only
reason that he would have tweeted that
would be to highlight that remark and
whistle to his base because he thinks
there's enough people who support that
kind of rhetoric to get him reelected ok
so let's go to the other denial the big
one about the intelligence about Russia
he's saying the administration
their version is that they're not going
to dispute the merits of the
intelligence they're not going to say
that that's not true but they're gonna
say that the president and the
vice-president weren't briefed on it ok
fine
they weren't briefed on it why exactly
during the middle of a peace process
would he not be briefed on it
either they knew he wasn't going to act
or we have to make at least entertain
the possibility that there was something
else going on inside the intelligence
community that rendered this moot like
US intelligence has actually infiltrated
this Russian group and they were using
it to pull surveillance on bad guys we
have to entertain that possibility it's
not a likely one but we have to
entertain it because all that stuff
compartmentalize did the people that
would be coming up with this assassin
would not know that so they could turn
it in to be reported and somebody higher
up the chain could stop it it's a
possibility it's not likely so when we
get rid of that we have either they just
knew he wasn't going to act on it or
knew he wasn't gonna listen during the
briefing or whatever or they didn't
trust him they didn't want to expose
their means and methods something we've
talked about on this channel before
secrets aren't really secret because of
the information they're secret because
of how the information was obtained so
they don't want to disclose that to the
President of the United States the
commander in chief because I don't know
he shared with Putin he tweeted out we
don't know there there's no acceptable
reason for him not to have been briefed
on this at that time
in any situation it would be information
he needed even if it was something that
was being orchestrated by US
intelligence it's still something he
would have needed to know but he wasn't
told it so it's just mismanagement he's
not fit to lead the country he's not fit
to be commander in chief this is based
off of his denial there's no situation
in which this would be acceptable now I
want to add into that wasn't briefed on
it at the time but he knows now what's
the response been nothing so I guess
they were right not to brief him on it
because he's completely ineffectual his
denials get focused
they focus people on arguing whether or
not they're true just accept him is true
nine times out of ten his denials make
it worse I would also point out that we
did find out that in Tulsa his staff
removed the instructions to social
distance in that Stadium
so yeah there's our president out there
doing good leading from the front anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day